---
title: How We Collect, Retain, And Share Your Personal Information
order: 2
---
We process Personal Information from your use of our Website or Services when you:

Complete a Lead Form: When you complete the first lead form to share information with a Goddard school to learn more about the school and its offerings we collect, the parent or guardian’s identifiers (name, email address, telephone number, ZIP code), as well as your child’s identifiers (name (optional) and date of birth). This allows us to communicate with you about our offerings and interest in scheduling a tour or registering your child. We will retain this information until you request to delete this information or for so long as there is a business need to retain it. As requested, we will share this information with the Goddard School you selected to schedule a tour or register your child. We will also use your email address, to provide marketing emails regarding Goddard’s services that may be of interest to you. We will share your identifiers (name and email address) with our email marketing provider to send you the marketing emails. You can unsubscribe at any time by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link in each email. Please note that we will continue to send you notifications necessary for the Services, or requested products or services. Our communications contain tracking technologies to analyze whether a predefined action took place by a recipient, such as opening our communications, in order to better adapt and distribute our communications. When you opt-in to our marketing communications, you are opting into the use of these technologies. You can disable tracking by disabling the display of images by default in your email program. We will retain your name and email address for as long as we have a need to contact you in the future and to comply with legal obligations. With your consent, we will also use your telephone number to call or text you with promotional messages regarding opportunities at Goddard, even if you are on a state or federal Do Not Call list. Consent is not a condition of a purchase. You can opt out of receiving text messages by replying “STOP” or “UNSUBSCRIBE”. We will share this information with our text message marketing platform provider.
Schedule a Tour in a Franchisee School. When you schedule a tour, we collect the parent or guardian’s identifiers (name, mailing address, email, and phone number). We collect this information so that we may maintain a record of our tours and communicate with you concerning the tour. We will retain this information until you request to delete this information or for so long as there is a business need or legal obligation to retain it. We will share this information with the relevant franchisee to coordinate scheduling the tour.
Enroll in our Franchisee School. When you enroll in one of our franchisee schools, we collect and/or may have access to, through the franchisee schools, the parent or guardian’s identifiers (name, mailing address, email, phone number, and signature), and financial information (bank account number and routing number, and/or credit card number, credit card expiration date, CVV), to facilitate the student’s enrollment and payment for attending the school. If you use a payment card, we will share your financial information with our third-party payment processor to facilitate your payment. We also collect the child’s identifiers (name, home address, date of birth, and phone number), protected classifications (ethnicity) and health/medical information (medical condition(s) and medications), and identifiers of the child’s emergency contact (name, email address, telephone number) to enroll your child and set up his student file. We also use this information for benchmarking and to improve our service offerings and programs. We will retain this information until you request to delete this information or for so long as there is a business need or legal obligation to retain it.
Communicate with Us. When you communicate with us by phone, email, SMS text, chat, social media networks, or in person, we collect the parent or guardian’s identifiers (name, address, email, phone number, and signature) and if a call is recorded, with your consent, auditory information (voice recording), the child’s identifiers (name, home address, date of birth, and phone number), protected classifications (ethnicity, sex, disability, and medical conditions and medications), the parent or guardian’s financial information (bank account number and routing number, and/or credit card number, credit card expiration date, CVV), to facilitate the student’s enrollment in our schools, the parent or guardian’s commercial information (products or services purchased or considered); and your internet or other network activity information, such as your IP address (if available). We will share this information on your behalf with the relevant franchisee to coordinate our services and assistance with the franchisee. If you use a payment card to pay us during our correspondence, we will share your financial information with our third-party payment processor to facilitate your payment. With your consent, we will use your telephone number to call or text you with promotional messages regarding opportunities at Goddard, even if you are on a state or federal Do Not Call list. Consent is not a condition of purchase. You can opt out of receiving text messages by replying “STOP” or “UNSUBSCRIBE”. We will retain this information until you request to delete this information or for so long as there is a business need or legal obligation to retain it. We will share your identifiers (name and email address) with our email marketing provider to send you the marketing emails. You can unsubscribe at any time by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link in each email. Please note that we will continue to send you notifications necessary to the Services, or requested products or services. Our communications contain tracking technologies to analyze whether a predefined action took place by a recipient, such as opening our communications, in order to better adapt and distribute our communications. When you are opt-in to our marketing communications, you are opting into the use of these technologies. You can disable tracking by disabling the display of images by default in your email program. We will retain this information until you request to delete this information or for so long as there is a business need or legal obligation to retain it.
We collect this information so that we can provide the Services, communicate with you concerning your questions and comments, troubleshoot where necessary, diagnose technical and service problems, and provide personalized customer service support. We may also process this information to communicate with you concerning administrative information, such as changes to our terms and conditions, and policies, or to communicate with you about your child.

Provide our Services. To provide our Services, we process the parent or guardian’s identifiers (name, mailing address, email, phone number, and signature). We process the child’s identifiers (name, home address, date of birth, and phone number). We process protected classifications (ethnicity, sex, disability), and medical conditions and medications. We also process the parent or guardian’s financial information (bank account number and routing number, and/or credit card number, credit card expiration date, CVV), to facilitate the student’s enrollment in our schools. If you use a payment card, we will share your financial information with our third-party payment processor to facilitate your payment, but we will not retain your payment card information. We will also share relevant information on your behalf with the applicable franchisee to coordinate and facilitate the services for you and your child. We will retain this information until you request to delete this information or for so long as there is a business need or legal obligation to retain it.
Marketing. Following a tour with one of our franchisee schools, our franchisee may collect and share with us the parent or guardian’s identifiers (name, mailing address, email, and phone number). Franchisee schools and we may collect this information to market to you. You may opt-out of receiving marketing emails from us by clicking the “unsubscribe” link provided with each email. Please note that we will continue to send you emails necessary to the Services or any assistance you request. Our communications contain tracking technologies to analyze whether a predefined action took place by a recipient, such as opening our communications, in order to better adapt and distribute our communications. When you opt-in to our marketing communications, you are opting into the use of these technologies. You can disable tracking by disabling the display of images by default in your email program. We will share your identifiers (name and email address) with our email marketing provider to send you the marketing emails. We will retain this information until you request to delete this information or for so long as there is a business need or legal obligation to retain it.
Apply for Employment with Goddard. When you apply for employment at Goddard by clicking on the “Careers at GSL” link on our homepage, we collect, through our third-party application tracking system, your identifiers (name, email, telephone number, home address, and selected password) professional and employment information (prior employment), education information (schools you attended), protected classifications (gender, ethnicity, work authorization status, veteran status, and disability status (if provided)), and any other information you decide to share with us. We collect this information so that we may communicate with you and assess your qualifications for the position for which you applied. We will share this information with our third-party hiring/application platform provider to facilitate the application and hiring process and the applicable franchisee to allow it to assess your candidacy for the position. We will retain this information until you request to delete this information or for so long as there is a business need or legal obligation to retain it. For more information on how we use, share, and protect your personal information as an applicant of Goddard, see Goddard’s applicant privacy policy.
Apply for employment with a Franchisee School. When you click on the “Careers” link on our homepage, we will collect the city, state, and school for which you would like to apply. Once you have selected the school and position for which you would like to apply, you will be directed to a third party website that will collect your application information on behalf of the Franchisee School. We are not responsible for the content or practices of such third-party websites or services. The collection, use, and disclosure of your information will be subject to the privacy policies of the third-party websites and/or the Franchisee School for which you are applying, and not this Privacy Notice. We urge you to read the privacy and security policies of these third parties. For more information on how Franchisee Schools collect, use, share, and retain your personal information, please review the applicable Franchisee School’s applicant policy.
Participate and Contribute to our Webinars, Blogs, and Surveys. When you participate and contribute to our webinars, blogs, and/or surveys, we collect your identifiers (name, email, and username), and physical appearances (a recording of the webinar that includes your on-camera appearance). We may also collect your internet or other network activity information (IP address). We collect this information so that we can monitor participation, enrollment, and usage. If you contribute to our webinars, blogs, and surveys by asking questions, offering feedback or reviews, and/or otherwise providing information, please note that all of this information may be available to the public, so you should not share any information that is considered confidential and/or that you would prefer to keep private. We will share this information with the virtual webinar/videoconference service provider to facilitate your participation in the webinar. We will retain this information until you request to delete it, unless we have a legal obligation to retain it.
Participate in our Goddard Systems University (GSU) Trainings and Engage with our Adult Learning Technologies. When you participate in any of our GSU trainings and engage with our adult learning technologies, such as our learning management platform and our training webinars, we collect your identifiers (name, email, school name, general location information such as city and state), with your consent – your video and audio information (your appearance and the sound of your voice), internet and other network activity information (operating system information, IP Address) and employment information (school information, such as franchisee’s name). We will share this information with our third party education/training service provider and videoconference provider to permit your attendance in the program and provide the training. We may collect your state training number if your state requires one to acquire approved training hours to help you track your training hours and share this information with the relevant state authority. If you opt into SMS training or notifications, we also collect your phone number. With your consent, we will also use your telephone number to call or text you with promotional messages regarding opportunities at Goddard, even if you are on a state or federal Do Not Call list. Consent is not a condition of a participation. You can opt out of receiving text messages by replying “STOP” or “UNSUBSCRIBE”. We will share this information with our text message marketing platform provider. Information that you share in course discussion forums or webinar chats is also stored as part of the training record. We will retain this information until you request to delete this information or for so long as there is a business need or legal obligation to retain it. We also collect this information to distribute training and monitor key training data, including enrollment, attendance, participation, usage, progress and completion. We also may need to send you training assessments and completion certifications, as applicable. We will retain this information until you request to delete this information or for so long as there is a business need or legal obligation to retain it.
Attend In-Person Training Sessions for Our of Our Initial Training Programs: When you are enrolled to attend an in-person training session we will collect your personal identifiers (name, telephone number, and email address, ZIP code). We will share this information with our training service providers, and hotels to enroll you in and provide the training program and coordinate hotel accommodations for you. We will retain this information until you request to delete this information or for so long as there is a business need or legal obligation to retain it.
Apply for a Goddard scholarship. When you apply for a Goddard scholarship, we collect your identifiers (name, email, phone number, and mailing address). We collect sensory information (video recording of as part of your application). We use this information to assess your application for a Goddard scholarship. We will retain this information until you request to delete this information or for so long as there is a business need or legal obligation to retain it.
Sign Up for a Newsletter. When you sign up to receive our newsletters, we collect identifiers (name and email address). We collect this information so that we can share our newsletters with you. You may opt-out of receiving the newsletter emails from us by clicking the “unsubscribe” link provided with each email. Please note that we will continue to send you emails necessary to the Services or any assistance you request. Our communications contain tracking technologies to analyze whether a predefined action took place by a recipient, such as opening our communications, in order to better adapt and distribute our communications. When you opt-in to our marketing communications, you are opting into the use of these technologies. You can disable tracking by disabling the display of images by default in your email program. We will share your identifiers (name and email address) with our email marketing provider to send you the marketing emails. We will retain this information until you request to delete this information or for so long as there is a business need or legal obligation to retain it.
Use the “Find a School” function on our Website. When you enter your location information into the search field, we will collect your identifier (address, city, state, or ZIP code). We will use this information to identify the franchisee school that is closest to the information you provided. If you click the “Tell Me More” button associated with a particular franchisee school and completed the webform associated with that franchisee school, please review the “Complete a Lead Form” paragraph above for more information. We will share this information with the franchisee school as described in the “Complete a Lead Form” paragraph. We will retain this information until you request to delete this information or for so long as there is a business need or legal obligation to retain it.
Explore Our Franchise Opportunities. When you fill in the form to receive additional information about franchise opportunities, we will collect your identifiers (name, email address, telephone number, ZIP code), your investment liquidity, market of interest, and any other information you submit with the form. We will use this information to assess your request, and communicate with you about your request. We will retain this information until you request to delete this information or for so long as there is a business need or legal obligation to retain it.
Apply to become a Franchisee. Throughout the application process to become a franchisee, we will collect your and your spouse’s (name, address, email, telephone number, physical address), protected classification information (citizenship status, military status), employment information (employer, title, job description), education information (high school, college and other educational institution you attended and/or graduated from, and course of study), financial account information (income statement and balance sheet information, investment information, tax information), commercial information (real estate ownership, other business investment), criminal background check information, with your consent – your video and audio information (your appearance and the sound of your voice during videoconferences), and credit check information. We will share this information with our background check provider to facilitate the due diligence process and assess your qualifications to become a franchisee, and our videoconference provider to facilitate virtual meetings and discussions. We will retain this information until you request to delete this information or for so long as there is a business need or legal obligation to retain it.
Interact with the Website. In addition to the personal information you provide directly to us, we also collect information automatically as you use our Website. This includes the following internet or other electronic network activity information:
Usage information. We use essential, performance, marketing, and analytics cookies to collect information about your interaction with our Website, such as what you access, what you click on, the frequency of access, and how much time you spend on the Website. We use this information to: (i) track you within the Website; (ii) enhance user experience; (iii) conduct analytics to improve the Website; (iv) prevent fraudulent use of the Website; (v) diagnosis and repair Website errors, and, in cases of abuse, track and mitigate the abuse; and (vi) market to you more effectively across different web pages and social media platforms. Third party marketing and analytics cookies may be considered sharing under the California Privacy Rights Act (“CPRA”). More information on these cookies, including a list of third-party marketing and analytics cookies, is listed below. To opt-out of the sharing of the personal information, visit Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information.
Device information. We use essential, performance, marketing, and analytics cookies to collect certain information about the device you use to access the Website, such as browser type, browser language, hardware model, operating system, and device preferences. We use this information to: (i) track you within the Website; (ii) enhance user experience; (iii) conduct analytics to improve the Website; (iv) prevent fraudulent use of the Website; (v) diagnosis and repair Website errors, and, in cases of abuse, track and mitigate the abuse; and (vi) market to you more effectively across different web pages and social media platforms. Third party marketing and analytics cookies may be considered sharing under the CPRA. More information on these cookies, including a list of third-party marketing and analytics cookies, is listed below. To opt-out of the sharing of the personal information, visit Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information.
Location information. We use essential, performance, marketing, and analytics cookies to collect information about your location, which may be determined through your IP address. We use this information to: (i) track you within the Website; (ii) enhance user experience; (iii) conduct analytics to improve the Website; (iv) prevent fraudulent use of the Website; (v) diagnosis and repair Website errors, and, in cases of abuse, track and mitigate the abuse; and (vi) market to you more effectively across different web pages and social media platforms. Third-party marketing and analytics cookies may be considered sharing under the CPRA. More information on these cookies, including a list of third-party marketing and analytics cookies, is listed below. To opt-out of the sharing of the personal information, visit Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information.
To collect this information, our Website utilizes both session and persistent cookies as described below:
Necessary cookies. We use necessary cookies to authenticate users, prevent fraudulent use of the Website, and to enable our Website to function properly.
Functional cookies. We use functional cookies to provide enhanced functionality and personalization, remember your preferences, diagnose server and software errors, and in cases of abuse, track and mitigate the abuse.
Analytics cookies. Analytics cookies allow us and our analytics providers to recognize and count the number of users to the Website, see how users interact with the Website, and when users are using the Website. We use this information to improve the Website. This may be considered a sale or sharing under the CPRA. To opt-out of the sale/sharing through cookies, please visit Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information.
Advertising cookies. Advertising cookies identify and store behaviors that users take when visiting our Website. These cookies are used in order to identify you as a prospect for our Website, deliver advertisements that are more relevant to you and your interests (i.e., targeted advertising), limit the number of times you see an advertisement, and help measure the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns. This may be considered a sale or sharing under the CPRA. To opt-out of sharing through cookies, please visit Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information.
Particular third-party cookies to note on our Website include:
LinkedIn. We use LinkedIn Learning and LinkedIn Recruiter for example to target advertising based on what´s relevant to a user, to improve reporting on campaign performance and to avoid showing ads the user has already seen. Please read more about how we conduct profiling in our Privacy Policy under “Marketing”. You are not able to opt out of ads on LinkedIn, but you can visit LinkedIn Advertising Preferences to choose how data is used. The use of this information for analytics and advertising purposes may be considered a sale under the California Consumer Privacy Act. To opt-out, visit Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information.
Google Ads. We use Google Ads to deliver advertisements to you and to track whether you have interacted with an advertisement we have placed elsewhere on the internet. Google Ads stores a conversion tracking cookie on your device when you click on our advertisement. The information obtained through the cookie is used to generate statistics and allows us to see the total number of users who clicked on our advertisements. We also use Google Ads to present to users of our Website advertisements across the internet and within the Google advertising network based on their visits to our Website. For more information, please review Google’s privacy policy available here. To opt-out of this sharing and targeted advertising by Google, you can go to Google’s ad settings, or visit Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information.
Google Analytics. We use Google Analytics to collect information on your use of the Website to improve our Website. In order to collect this information, Google Analytics may set cookies on your browser, or read cookies that are already there. Google Analytics may also receive information about you from applications you have downloaded that partner with Google. We do not combine the information collected through the use of Google Analytics with personally identifiable information. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to our Website or to another application which partners with Google is governed by the Google Analytics Terms of Use and the Google Privacy Policy. To prevent your data from being used by Google Analytics, you can download the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on for Google Analytics. To opt-out of this sharing, or visit Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information.
Vimeo. We use Vimeo as our video platform to embed content on our Website. If you are logged into a Vimeo account, Vimeo places its own cookies on your device when you visit part of our Website where a Vimeo video is embedded. Vimeo uses these cookies to track viewing statistics and assign a unique identifier to the device on which the video is viewed, enabling Vimeo to recognize the device. We also incorporate Google Analytics into our videos embedded from Vimeo (see above regarding Google Analytics). These disclosures may be deemed a sale under the CCPA or sharing under the CPRA. To opt-out of this sharing, you may change your browser settings to delete existing cookies and reject new cookies, or visit the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) and its AdChoices program. You can also visit Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information.
Facebook Pixel. We use Facebook Pixel to customize our advertising and to serve you ads on your social media based on your browsing behavior. This allows your behavior to be tracked after you have been redirected to our Websites by clicking on a Facebook ad. Facebook stores cookies on your device to enable us to measure the effectiveness of Facebook ads for statistical and market research purposes. We do not have access to the information collected through Facebook’s cookies. However, the information collected via Facebook, on the Website as well as other websites on which Facebook’s cookies are installed, is also stored and processed by Facebook. Facebook may link this information to your Facebook account and also use it for its own promotional purposes in accordance with Facebook's Data Usage Policy. The Facebook cookies also allow Facebook and its partners to show you advertisements on and outside of Facebook. This may be deemed a sale under the CCPA or sharing under the CPRA. To opt-out of this sharing and displaying of Facebook ads, visit your **Facebook Advertisement Preferences, and you can clear and control the information third parties share with Facebook in your Off-Facebook Activity page. If you do not have a Facebook account, you can opt-out of Facebook ads through the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) and its AdChoices program. You can also visit Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information.
Bing Ads. Bing Ads is a remarketing service provided by Microsoft. We use Bing Ads to serve you advertisements based on your past visits to our Website. Yo**u can visit Microsoft to learn more about its privacy practices. To opt-out of Bind Ads, you can follow these instructions. You can also visit Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information.
To control the information collected about you using cookies and other technologies see our Cookie Preference Center. In general, to disable cookies and limit the collection and use of information through them, you can set your browser to refuse cookies or indicate when a cookie is being sent. When you opt-out an opt-out cookie will be placed on your device. The opt-out cookie is browser and device specific and will only last until cookies are cleared from your browser or device. The sharing of personal information through these cookies and other trackers is considered a sale or sharing under the CPRA. To opt-out of the sale/sharing of your personal information through these online trackers, visit Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information.